seo is super competitive wouldn't it be
nice if there was just a strategy that
worked and that wasn't as competitive
and didn't take as long to get results
hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm gonna break down a super dead simple
seo strategy that can get you a million
visitors a month
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
so the first thing i want you to do is
head to uber says you can go to go to
ubersids.com or neilpatel.com
ubersuggest and i want you to type in
quora.com q-u-o-r-a-dot-com
you know core as that question and
answer site if you look here this is
forest traffic this is their seo traffic
look how many visitors are getting it's
just crazy right now this is an
estimation but still they're in the well
into the millions of visitors a month if
not hundreds of millions they're ranked
for literally
millions and millions of keywords
and if you look you can see a lot of the
keywords they're ranking for
you know they rank for 27.7 million
keywords between the position uh 51 and
100 so in other words they rank for over
27 million keywords that are on page 5
to 10 of google they rank for over
uh
4.8 million keywords that rank in
position uh one to three on google in
other words the top three spots on the
first page of google that's a lot of
keywords
so what's your strategy well look at
this
what are good ways to log out of
facebook what is the correct thank you
or thank you or thanks you are thank you
what is delta s in chemistry and what is
the difference i don't know what the
rest is but as you can see when i look
at their top pages view pages that drive
traffic to this domain
there's something in common they're all
questions how many ounces in a gallon
when does mcdonald's serve lunch which
is grammatically correct tomorrow's or
tomorrow apostrophe s how many cups are
in a 16 ounce how many cups are in eight
ounces
what are uh what are the monomers of
carbohydrates lipids proteins i don't
even know what that is uh how many weeks
are in a year how many liters are in a
gallon
these are all questions
now cora's on everything so you're not
going to get as much traffic as them and
that's okay but how do you find
questions in your space well i want you
to type in keywords related to your
space let's say you're in marketing are
you just typing the keyword marketing
within uber says so load up a report
left hand navigation click on keyword
ideas okay when you click on keyword
ideals it'll show you a keyword report
that looks something like this and then
i want you to click on
questions these are all the keywords
that are popular in your space
what marketing is why marketing is
important why marketing or interview
questions what marketing strategies why
marketing strategy is important some of
these get searched a lot some get
searched a little
and a lot of them aren't competitive as
you can see here's the seo difficulty
how competitive it is to rank on google
green means easy so i want you to type
this for any term into your space so i'm
in marketing i can type in marketing i
can type in
digital marketing and it'll give me
questions related to digital marketing
and then
i click on questions again what is
digital marketing why is digital
marketing important is digital marketing
the future and i can do this for any
industry and i can niche down so like
let's say i want to talk about instagram
because a lot of marketers want to
leverage instagram so i would type in
instagram into ubersuggest and again
it'll tell me all the keywords related
to instagram and then i would click on
questions again
and this is assuming you're on the
keyword ideas report right that's the
key and if you go to this here's for
instagram how instagram makes money
instagram uh blocked me how many
instagram users how many instagram
followers to make money why is instagram
not working how instagram works how many
instagram accounts can i have all
questions that you can end up breaking
down and create an article related to
any of the questions that are within
your space have a low seo difficulty
high volume and high cpc high cpc
usually means that traffic somewhat
valuable eventually you can cause it to
convert even if that question the
article is not
you know selling anything you can bring
people to your website remarket them or
then drive them in a funnel collect the
email promote through other stuff
and seo difficulty again as long as it's
easy
volume is decent you should do it and
you can do it on anything i can type in
dog food right uber suggests will show
me keywords related to dog foods in the
keyword ideas report it'll give you
hundreds and hundreds of keywords
thousands of relay suggestions sometimes
millions and then questions there'll be
less there won't be thousands usually
get around 100 questions and go through
the popular ones and create articles
around them and if you do this and then
collect emails from those pages you can
eventually sell your products and
services from those articles you can put
up add uh you know make money through
ads and have adsense or affiliate stuff
all ways to do really well but the key
is is you just gotta go and create
content around questions because the one
thing that's consistent is most of the
keywords that are around questions are
not competitive look at this yeah this
is a 39 out of 100 still not that bad
it's a yellow
this is 37 look at this 26 14 10 11
a lot of good keywords
and you can end up using this to make
the maximum amount of revenue because if
i had an article on how dog food is made
i can then go
and say hey here's how most dog food is
made and this is what's bad and this is
what's good and this is why the price is
different here's some premium dog food
if you want something that's healthy for
your dog or if you want your dog to lose
weight and you can buy it here make
affiliate revenue or sell my own product
and by doing that you're going to end up
generating revenue and getting traffic
and ranking higher on google with much
less effort because these terms aren't
that competitive yeah one page isn't
going to drive you 20 000 visitors a
month but if you had a hundred pages
that each drive you a thousand visitors
a month that's a hundred thousand
visitors a month that's 1.2 million
visitors a month that's a lot of traffic
so check out the strategy if you need
help doing it check out my ad agency
neil patel digital if you have any
questions leave a comment if you
enjoyed the video like it share it tell
the people about it thank you for
watching